The Bella is a reasonable budget choice or a hand blender for standard tasks such as hot soup purees and especially frozen fruit smoothies. It excelled against the Cuisinart in both these tasks, proving to be a top class blender for the latter. The Cuisinart tends to produce somewhat lumpy soups while the Bella has a few unblended bits  here and there. The main downfall of the Bella is that it doesn't do a good job with Almond milk and its whisk performed poorly with whipped egg whites. In short, the Cuisinart is likely to satisfy you overall with a variety of tasks, while the Bella is more for purees, smoothies, and also mayonnaise, but not almond milk or egg whites. 

Part of these performance issues could be down to the Bella not having the best quality build, especially the plastic parts and plastic core of the blending shaft. The blades of the Bella are roughly finished and not surprisingly, the whisk shows low quality too. The Cuisinart, although not the absolute best blender for purees and smoothies, doesn't have these issues. Furthermore, the Bella has usability issues such as stiff and slippery buttons and a tendency to produce a little too much suction leading to splashes or difficulty maneuvering the shaft. 

Overall, the Bella scores a little higher than the Cuisinart on paper, but that is due to its blending prowess with purees and smoothies. However, the Cuisinart offers an overall better user experience as well as being a better quality device offering more peace of mind.